General
-------

This daemon parses dhcp ack and request messages and inserts ebtables ACCEPT
matching source IPv4 address + source MAC rules into the dhcpsnooping chain for
all authenticated stations. These rules get removed once the lease times out.
The packages are fed into the daemon using netfilter log (nflog),
the default group id is 1.

To use this daemon, you'll need to have
  - NETFILTER_LOG support in the kernel
  - an ebtables rule copying all dhcp request from local stations (i.e. on wlan+)
    to the daemon using the nflog matcher.
  - an ebtables rule copying all dhcp acks from the authoritative dhcp servers
    (i.e. from ! wlan+) to the daemon using the nflog matcher.
  - an ebtables rule filtering all IPv4 and ARP incoming traffic by
    forwaring it to the dhcpsnooping chain, which drops packets by default.

To actually provide protection you neet to ensure that to faked dhcp acks
are copied into the daemon and that all illegal traffic actually gets dropped.
You should also ensure that the mac address cannot be spoofed to prevent faked
dhcp acks and deny of service attacks.

Roaming support:
----------------

When an STA roams around, it will generate an RTM_NEWNEIGH message when it
is first seen on the target APs bridge. This is used to query the database
for leases an add them, so the STAs doesn't need to repeat the DHCP handshake.

Attentention: This needs a kernel patch, so see dhcpsnooping.c until its
 upstream. Otherwise the AP won't learn when the STA moves from backbone
 to local wlan device on the bridge.

Further, the dhcpsnooping daemons inform each other using UDP broadcasts about
DHCP changes, this triggers creating ebtables rules when an STA changes its IP.

Database support:
-----------------

In order for roaming to work when the origination AP powers down, dhcpsnooping
caches its leases in a central MySQL server (should be redundant). When
such a database is configured, incoming UDP notifications get filtered by
checking with the database list of leases.

Hostname and Credentials get configured using into client and dhcpsnooping group
of /etc/mysql/[fembot,my].cnf.

SIGALARM triggers clearing expires entries.
SIGUSR1 triggers dumping cache tables.

